revenge
I know very well that the Dongying forces are intertwined
Unshakable
So I can only lead you into the game
Use public opinion
Spread the dirty deeds of Dongying
As long as the background is vast enough
Unfortunately, I can't shake his position
This decade
I'm lurking to investigate high-level forces all over Dongying
Find the casino where he lives underground
My goal is to uproot Dongying
Now he has finally achieved
It turns out that you entered Dongying for this purpose
So
The list of scrolls was also given to me by you.
Sister, we grew up together
No one knows you better than I do
I'm sure you'll find that scroll
But if you do
Will drag yourself into the water
You have been Lord K in Dongying for so many years
It's impossible to get out clean
Did you know you could go to jail like this?
So what if you go to jail?
As long as you can shake Dongying
And it was worth it.
Kobayashi
elder sister
You lost to me again.
Kobayashi
Sister is wrong
I shouldn't have let you go through this alone
obedient
Go back with my sister, okay?
Sister, do you know?
I spent every day in Dongying
I want to jump off here
But my parents' revenge hasn't been avenged yet
I can't die.
But now it's all over
elder sister
I miss my parents